---
title: Skyward Rules & Punishments
date: 2023/03/02
categories: [Rules, Strikes, Bans, Appeals]
tags: [rules]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---
<h1 data-toc-skip> General Server Rules</h1>
1. Players are required to abide by all general server rules at all times. While some rules may be negated for events or other purposes, general rules must always be followed.
2. Be mindful of your words. This is a community, and as such you will need to treat each other with respect. Racism, sexism, homophobia, ableism, and overall bigotry will not be tollerated. Please keep in mind these are handled case by case, and situations of this type will be handled via vote by the entire staff team on punishments.
3. Do not harrass each other. This somewhat goes along with #2, but continued harrassment, chasing, attacking, or targeting of a player due to a previous altercation or issue will not be tollerated. This is a game, please treat it as such. 
4. Mods are inplace for a reason. While it is entirely possible that there will be times staff will not be around for rule breaks, if a staff member is active for one, please let them handle the situation. Too many people attempting to discuss in global will cause more issues and confusion.
5. Do not discuss rulebreaks in global chat. While we are aware that herbivores and carnivores cannot read eachothers messages in local, at this time, we ask that a ticket be opened so that a staff member can resolve any issues or concerns immediately. If you would like to still discuss with the person directly involved, do so in a whisper message or message on Discord. However, do not harrass or attack eachother.
6. When making tickets, please be prepared to present evidence. We recommend recording using your preferred software, and to present the recording when a rulebreak occurs. There are a few cases where we will accept screenshots. This includes in-game chat messages and players meshing. All other rule breaks must be recorded. Recordings must be unedited, and have in-game sound present. Background music is not needed, many of our staff play without the background music.
7. Killing players for sport is only permitted during certain events. Killing for sport outside these specific events is not allowed, please refer to your specific dinos profile to see when you are allowed to hunt.
8. Players are not permitted to use smaller dinos in their group as crutches in battle. Such as pushing smaller dinos into a fight for a forced body down.
9. Mixpacking is not permitted outside of events. Mixpacking includes but is not limited to; location dropping, offering food or help, privately sharing details of party members or other nearby players, vcing with, or openly traveling with, players who are not in your pack or herd. 
10. Players are not allowed to 